#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --constraint=/home/alex/Projects/Canonical/git/github.com/openstack-charmers/release-tools/global/constraints-2024.1.txt --output-file=src/test-requirements-py38.txt src/test-requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   python-libmaas
    #   zaza
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aodhclient==3.5.1
    # via zaza-openstack
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via python-ironicclient
argcomplete==3.3.0
    # via python-libmaas
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cmd2
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via paramiko
boto3==1.34.92
    # via zaza-openstack
botocore==1.34.92
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cliff==4.6.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
cmd2==2.4.3
    # via cliff
colorclass==2.2.2
    # via python-libmaas
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   trustme
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   jsonpath-rw
    #   openstacksdk
    #   python-magnumclient
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   pymongo
    #   zaza-openstack
dogpile-cache==1.3.2
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   python-ironicclient
fasteners==0.19
    # via oslo-concurrency
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
futurist==1.10.0
    # via
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   zaza-openstack
gnocchiclient==7.0.8
    # via zaza-openstack
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via kubernetes
hvac==0.6.4
    # via
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trustme
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via cliff
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpath-rw==1.4.0
    # via jsonpath-rw-ext
jsonpath-rw-ext==1.2.2
    # via python-cloudkittyclient
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   warlock
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
juju==2.9.46.1
    # via
    #   -c /home/alex/Projects/Canonical/git/github.com/openstack-charmers/release-tools/global/constraints-2024.1.txt
    #   zaza
juju-wait==2.8.4
    # via zaza
jujubundlelib==0.5.7
    # via theblues
keystoneauth1==5.6.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
kubernetes==29.0.0
    # via juju
lxml==5.2.1
    # via zaza-openstack
macaroonbakery==1.3.4
    # via
    #   juju
    #   python-libmaas
    #   theblues
    #   zaza
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via oslo-serialization
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
netaddr==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c /home/alex/Projects/Canonical/git/github.com/openstack-charmers/release-tools/global/constraints-2024.1.txt
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-neutronclient
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-octaviaclient
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-libmaas
    #   requests-oauthlib
openstacksdk==3.1.0
    # via
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-openstackclient
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
oslo-concurrency==6.0.0
    # via osprofiler
oslo-config==6.11.3
    # via
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-log
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
oslo-context==5.5.0
    # via oslo-log
oslo-i18n==6.3.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
oslo-log==5.5.1
    # via
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
oslo-serialization==5.4.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   oslo-log
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-watcherclient
oslo-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
osprofiler==4.1.0
    # via aodhclient
packaging==24.0
    # via oslo-utils
paramiko==2.12.0
    # via juju
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   futurist
    #   jsonpath-rw-ext
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-watcherclient
    #   stevedore
pika==1.3.2
    # via zaza-openstack
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via openstacksdk
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-rw
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   futurist
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-novaclient
protobuf==5.26.1
    # via macaroonbakery
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   juju
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyinotify==0.9.6
    # via oslo-log
pymacaroons==0.13.0
    # via macaroonbakery
pymongo==4.7.0
    # via python-libmaas
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   macaroonbakery
    #   paramiko
    #   pymacaroons
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   zaza-openstack
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   aodhclient
    #   oslo-utils
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   juju
    #   macaroonbakery
python-barbicanclient==4.10.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-ceilometerclient==2.9.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-cinderclient==5.0.2
    # via
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-cloudkittyclient==5.0.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   kubernetes
    #   oslo-log
python-designateclient==2.12.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-glanceclient==4.5.0
    # via
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-heatclient==1.18.1
    # via zaza-openstack
python-ironicclient==5.5.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-keystoneclient==3.21.0
    # via
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-libmaas==0.6.8
    # via zaza
python-magnumclient==4.4.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-manilaclient==1.29.0
    # via zaza-openstack
python-neutronclient==6.14.1
    # via
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-novaclient==15.1.1
    # via
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-octaviaclient==1.10.1
    # via zaza-openstack
python-openstackclient==4.0.2
    # via python-octaviaclient
python-swiftclient==3.8.1
    # via
    #   python-heatclient
    #   zaza-openstack
python-watcherclient==4.4.0
    # via zaza-openstack
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pyrfc3339
    #   python-libmaas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   juju
    #   juju-wait
    #   jujubundlelib
    #   kubernetes
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cloudkittyclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-libmaas
    #   python-watcherclient
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
referencing==0.35.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   hvac
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   kubernetes
    #   macaroonbakery
    #   oslo-config
    #   osprofiler
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   theblues
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   futurist
    #   gnocchiclient
    #   jsonpath-rw
    #   kubernetes
    #   macaroonbakery
    #   oslo-config
    #   paramiko
    #   pymacaroons
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-manilaclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-swiftclient
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-ceilometerclient
    #   python-designateclient
    #   python-ironicclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-magnumclient
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   zaza
    #   zaza-openstack
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via python-libmaas
theblues==0.5.2
    # via juju
toposort==1.10
    # via juju
trustme==1.1.0
    # via zaza-openstack
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via juju
ujson==5.9.0
    # via gnocchiclient
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
warlock==2.0.1
    # via python-glanceclient
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via cmd2
webob==1.8.7
    # via osprofiler
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
websockets==7.0
    # via juju
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zaza @ git+https://github.com/openstack-charmers/zaza.git@stable/caracal
    # via
    #   -r src/test-requirements.in
    #   zaza-openstack
zaza-openstack @ git+https://github.com/openstack-charmers/zaza-openstack-tests.git@stable/caracal
    # via -r src/test-requirements.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
